Unreal Engine: Add note on supported platforms for Crash Reporter (#13809)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/unreal/configuration/setup-crashreporter/index.mdx

The UE Crash Reporter is provided out of the box by Epic Games. It is able to collect relevant
information about the crash and send it to a service like Sentry to process.

<Alert>

> Crash Reporter is supported only on desktop (Windows, Mac, Linux). In order to capture crashes on mobile and consoles, you need to use the Sentry SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Epic Games only provides the Crash Reporter Client on desktop (Windows, Mac, Linux). In order to capture crashes on mobile and consoles, you need to use the Sentry SDK, which support all platforms, including desktop.
```
